MONGOID-5226 Allow setting "store_in collection" on document subclass (#5449)
mongodb/mongoid: docs/reference/inheritance.txt

   rect = Rectangle.new(width: 100, height: 200)
   firefox.shapes

.. _inheritance-persistence-context:

Persistence Contexts
====================

> Mongoid allows the persistence context of subclasses to be changed from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mongoid allows the persistence context of a subclass to be changed from the
```

persistence context of its parent. This means that, using the ``store_in``
method, we can store the documents of the subclasses in different collections

> (as well as different databases, clients) than their parent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(as well as different databases, clients) than their parents:
```
